> 2023-03-11 <br>
> 1 hour. <br>
> Source of qn: chatGPT <br>
> 공백 제외: 1906 | 공백 포함: 2347 | 단어: 423
# Question
Some people prefer to work for a large company, while others prefer to work for a small company. 
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of each, and then explain which you prefer and why.

# Draft

# My answer
It is controversial that working for which size of a company is better. Some people believe working for a smaller size of company is profitable since they have more **bonds** with their coworkers in smaller company. Nonetheless, I firmly ~~beileve~~believe working for a huge size of company is more beneficial based on my experience. There are three reasons why I think working for a large company is better.

First of all, a company with big size offers more welfare and income. Big-size companies ~~has~~have more resources compared to small-size companies. Therefore, you have more **chances** to get better income and welfare when you work for a huge company. For instance, I have a friend who has been working for Samsung for two years. He told me he ~~have~~has 30 vacation days per year whereas my company only allows 15 vacation days per year. He also gets paid more than twice ~~than~~ my income even though we have **the** same period of ~~the~~ work experience. 
  
Second of all, a large company has well-organized work process while a company with small size barely has work process. A huge company must go through long period of work expirience to increase the size of their company. Having more ~~experience~~experience of work helps structure systemical work process. I had hard time working for a small sized company since they let myself define my own work and finish it on time. It is stressful having to decide your own responsibility especially when you do not have much work experience.

Lastly, smaller ~~comapny~~company expects more works to be done by individual. Since they do not have much resources compared to big sized companies, they hire less people and give each workers much workloads than they can do. Working in a small sized company forced me to overwork every day even with my hard work. I even went to the office on weekend since the work my company assigned to me was enormous. I explained my team leader that the workload I got is too large to handle with. However, he told me there is no help he can offer and I will be in trouble if I do not finish that work on time. 

Based on three reasons I explained above, I insist working in a large company is much benefficial than working for a small sized company. By working for a larger company, individual can have more time to take rest on weekend, more income and welfare which make their life easy, and less stress at work. 

***
# Revised answer
## The answer generated by chatGPT
It is controversial as to whether working for a smaller or larger company is better. Some people believe that working for a smaller company is beneficial since they have a stronger bond with their coworkers. However, I firmly believe that working for a larger company is more advantageous based on my experience. There are three reasons why I think working for a large company is better.

First of all, larger companies offer more benefits and income. Compared to smaller companies, big companies have more resources and, therefore, provide more opportunities for better income and benefits. For instance, my friend has been working for Samsung for two years and he told me he receives 30 vacation days per year, whereas my company only allows for 15 vacation days per year. He also earns more than double my income, despite having the same amount of work experience.

Secondly, larger companies have well-organized work processes, while smaller companies usually lack a systematic work process. Big companies have had to go through a long period of work experience to increase their size, which has enabled them to develop a structured and systematic work process. I had a hard time working for a small company as they left me to define my own work and finish it on time. It is stressful having to decide your own responsibilities, especially when you lack sufficient work experience.

Lastly, smaller companies expect individuals to take on more responsibilities. Due to the limited resources compared to larger companies, small-sized companies hire fewer people and give each worker a higher workload than they can handle. Working in a small-sized company forced me to work overtime every day, including weekends, as the work assigned to me was enormous. I explained to my team leader that the workload was too large for me to handle, but he told me there was no help he could offer, and I would be in trouble if I didn't finish the work on time.

Based on the three reasons above, I firmly believe that working for a large company is more beneficial than working for a small company. By working for a larger company, individuals can have more time to rest on weekends, better income and benefits, which can make their lives easier, and less stress at work.

***
## Paraphrasing
- a smaller company / a larger company
  - big company
- beneficial
  - advantageous
- structured
  - systematic
  - well-organized
  - 
  
## Useful Expressions


## Grammar


## Typo
- believe
- experience
- benefficial
***
# Memo
1. 시간 재면서 하기!!!
2. 오타 안 내도록 주의